Idea is that I am writing a small command line utility (we can use whatever language is fastest and best for writing a single executable command line tool) that is based on the following concept:

We work on a lot of different projects and eventually we end up with a development directory full of tons of crap and it's hard to remember what we are working on or what is active.

The idea is that we're going to consider projects active, inactive, and archived.

Project states can move between these states.

We don't really care where directories are, but we're going to keep a small database of what projects are active, inactive, or archived so we can quickly get to where we want to go. It is probably best practice to keep them in the same folder.

We will store the project name (based on folder name), the path, the state, when it was last touched.

Projects we're tracking will go and read the time anything was last modified so we can know last touched. This gets updated anytime we use the command.

We should be able to do things like:

`activate --list` to get the list of all projects printed nicely and separated by state

`active <project>` will make a project active (if not active) as well as change directory to it.

We can also deactivate and archive projects.

We can also get info about projects one at a time or en-masse (like --list --inactive) etc...

We want this to be a unix style tool that is pipable. We should be able to, for example, use this to operate on multiple folder (for example to delete a bunch of old projects).

We want github support. I should be able to active a git path (either ssh or https urls) and it will clone that repo to the current directory, enter it into the activate list, and then change directory to it so we can start working on it.

Making a project inactive or archived will check for uncommitted changes and warn.

Projects become automatically inactive if they haven't been changed in 2 weeks).

--

Update: we will only track projects in one directory which you set through configuraiton. All folders under this directory will be tracked as projects in active/inactive/archive. 

You can add a folder to an ignore list via a --ignore flag or something. When a file is removed from the main folder, it will be cleaned up from the database. 

We should also store (from auto detect) the github origin of any project.

This way if a folder is removed, but it is in the database, we can say it is missing but can reclone it (by simply activating it again, which will clone it and set it to active).
